Feat/add placeholder and v7 support (#5)
ui5-community/create-wdi5: README.md

- `--headless`: runs Chrome in headless mode (`npm run wdi5 -- --headless`)
- `--debug`: extends test timeouts and auto-opens Chrome's developer tools pane (`npm run wdi5 -- --debug`)

## Supported Options

> You can pass the following flags to modify the quickstart of wdi5:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pass the following optional flags to modify the quickstart of `wdi5`:
```

> - `--configPath <path to config>` custom path where your config file (`wdio.conf.js`) should be created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--configPath <path to config>` custom path where your config file (`wdio.conf.(j|t)s`) should be created
```
